{HDInsight}Use api get default vm sizes if customer doesn't provide them (#14582)
Azure/azure-powershell: src/HDInsight/HDInsight/ChangeLog.md

        - Additional information about change #1
-->
## Upcoming Release

> * Supporting try to get default vmsize from backend if customer does not provide the related parameters: `-WorkerNodeSize`, `-HeadNodeSize`, `-ZookeeperNodeSize`, `-EdgeNodeSize`, `-KafkaManagementNodeSize`. However, we suggest customer to specify the concrete vm size manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Supported get default vmsize from backend if customer does not provide the related parameters: `-WorkerNodeSize`, `-HeadNodeSize`, `-ZookeeperNodeSize`, `-EdgeNodeSize`, `-KafkaManagementNodeSize`.
```
It's encouraged that only describe what has changed in the module from the previous release
